Be yourself; everyone else is already taken.
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent.
Live as if you were to die tomorrow. Learn as if you were to live forever.
Imperfection is beauty, madness is genius and it's better to be absolutely ridiculous than absolutely boring.
We are all in the gutter, but some of us are looking at the stars.
There is no greater agony than bearing an untold story inside you.
Life isn't about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself.
A person's a person, no matter how small.
Nothing is impossible, the word itself says 'I'm possible'!
Do what you feel in your heart to be right - for you'll be criticized anyway.
Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.
Peace begins with a smile.
What lies behind us and what lies before us are tiny matters compared to what lies within us.
Whatever you are, be a good one.
May you live every day of your life.
Pain is inevitable. Suffering is optional.
Never let your sense of morals prevent you from doing what is right.
Turn your wounds into wisdom.
The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams.
Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap but by the seeds that you plant.
None but ourselves can free our minds.
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Pain is temporary. Quitting lasts forever.
You never fail until you stop trying.
Life is too short to waste your time on people who don't respect, appreciate, and value you.
Be mindful. Be grateful. Be positive. Be true. Be kind.
Make improvements, not excuses. Seek respect, not attention.
Happiness is only real when shared.
A ship is safe in harbor, but that's not what ships are for.
Better to be strong than pretty and useless.
The past has no power over the present moment.
Maybe everyone can live beyond what they're capable of.
There was another life that I might have had, but I am having this one.
What's the good of living if you don't try a few things?
Try a little harder to be a little better.
It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.
Tears are words that need to be written.
Even strength must bow to wisdom sometimes.
Time doesn't heal emotional pain, you need to learn how to let go.
You are not rich until you have a rich heart.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of the person you are.
Trees that are slow to grow bear the best fruit.
The question is not what you look at, but what you see.
Do no harm and leave the world a better place than you found it.
Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.
Help others without any reason and give without the expectation of receiving anything in return.
If you want to be happy, be.
I have never met a man so ignorant that I couldn't learn something from him.
Earth provides enough to satisfy every man's needs, but not every man's greed.
Imagination is everything. It is the preview of life's coming attractions.
Write it on your heart that every day is the best day in the year.
We don't make mistakes, just happy little accidents.
Not being heard is no reason for silence.
Happiness depends on your mindset and attitude.
If you make a mistake and do not correct it, this is called a mistake.
Where there is ruin, there is hope for a treasure.
When I let go of what I am, I become what I might be.
The best thing to hold onto in life is each other.
To love and win is the best thing. To love and lose, the next best.
Just because you can doesn't mean you should.
You'll never find a rainbow if you're looking down
He that can have patience can have what he will.
I must be willing to give up what I am in order to become what I will be.
Life sucks, and then you die.
Wanting to be someone else is a waste of who you are
Travel far enough, you meet yourself.
Believe you can and you're halfway there.
We meet no ordinary people in our lives.
Aim higher in case you fall short.
Those who do not weep, do not see.
There's so much to be grateful for, words are poor things.
Just be yourself, there is no one better.
Once we accept our limits, we go beyond them.
Without fear there cannot be courage.
Dream as if you will live forever; Live as if you will die today.
Those who look for the bad in people will surely find it.
A goal without a plan is just a wish.
Smile more. Smiling can make you and others happy.
Any emotion, if it is sincere, is involuntary.
Our life is what our thoughts make it.
I never said it would be easy, I only said it would be worth it.
The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
It was always the becoming he dreamed of, never the being.
No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted.
Nothing is permanent in this wicked world, not even our troubles.
Only those who attempt the absurd can achieve the impossible.
Always have a willing hand to help someone, you might be the only one that does.
The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty.
Don't let yesterday take up too much of today.
You learn more from failure than from success. Don't let it stop you. Failure builds character.
It's not whether you get knocked down, it's whether you get up.
People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.
Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough.
We may encounter many defeats but we must not be defeated.
Be not afraid of life. Believe that life is worth living, and your belief will help create the fact.
Even if you're on the right track, you'll get run over if you just sit there.
Nurture your mind with great thoughts. To believe in the heroic makes heroes.
Luck is a dividend of sweat. The more you sweat, the luckier you get.
You may find the worst enemy or best friend in yourself.
Courage is the first of human qualities because it is the quality which guarantees all others.
The great thing in this world is not so much where you stand, as in what direction you are moving.
Live each day as if your life had just begun.
Don't worry about failures, worry about the chances you miss when you don't even try.
Though no one can go back and make a brand new start, anyone can start from now and make a brand new ending.
The only way of finding the limits of the possible is by going beyond them into the impossible.
Do not let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do.
An obstacle is often a stepping stone.
No legacy is so rich as honesty.
Love all, trust a few, do wrong to none.
Well done is better than well said.
Even if things don't unfold the way you expected, don't be disheartened or give up. One who continues to advance will win in the end
To live is so startling it leaves little time for anything else.
No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Keep your eyes on the stars, and your feet on the ground.
Surround yourself only with people who are going to take you higher.
Sometimes I think my head is so big because it is so full of dreams.
To the world you may be one person but to one person you may be the world.
Dreams don't work unless you take action. The surest way to make your dreams come true is to live them.
We are saved by faith alone, but the faith that saves is never alone.
I don't paint dreams or nightmares, I paint my own reality.
You must find the place inside yourself where nothing is impossible.
You're not obligated to win. You're obligated to keep trying. To the best you can do everyday.
Try again. Fail again. Fail better.
What is now proved was once only imagined.
Don't only practice your art, but force your way into its secrets, for it and knowledge can raise men to the divine.
I postpone death by living, by suffering, by error, by risking, by giving, by losing.
Think, Believe, Dream, and Dare.
Life is a gift. Don't forget to live it.
If we will be quiet and ready enough, we shall find compensation in every disappointment.
A creative life cannot be sustained by approval any more than it can be destroyed by criticism.
Gratitude builds a bridge to abundance.
I've had a lot of worries in my life, most of which never happened.
Great things are not done by impulse, but by a series of small things brought together.
When one has a grateful heart, life is so beautiful.
The greatest ideas are the simplest.
We cannot be sure of having something to live for unless we are willing to die for it.
The arc of the moral universe is long, but it bends towards justice.
Life begins on the other side of despair.
Nothing makes a person happier than having a happy heart.
Ambition is the path to success. Persistence is the vehicle you arrive in.
Give it your all. Whatever work you do, do it to the best of your ability.
When ordinary people decide to step out and be part of something big, that's when they become extraordinary.
Inspiration responds to our attentiveness in various and sometimes unexpected ways.
Words can inspire, thoughts can provoke, but only action truly brings you closer to your dreams.
Having a specific meaning and purpose in your life helps to encourage you towards living a fulfilling and inspired life.
When you see the world through serene eyes, you generate peace wherever you go.
It's not the absence of fear, it's overcoming it. Sometimes you've got to blast through and have faith.
You can never leave footprints that last if you are always walking on tiptoe.
Always forgive your enemies; nothing annoys them so much.
You can never be overdressed or overeducated.
Never love anyone who treats you like you're ordinary.
A good friend will always stab you in the front.
Anyone who lives within their means suffers from a lack of imagination.
I am not young enough to know everything.
Every saint has a past, and every sinner has a future.
Hearts are made to be broken.
The very essence of romance is uncertainty.
There is no sin except stupidity.
An idea that is not dangerous is unworthy of being called an idea at all.
Anyone who has never made a mistake has never tried anything new.
A clever person solves a problem. A wise person avoids it.
I have no special talents. I am only passionately curious.
Any fool can know. The point is to understand.
Try not to become a man of success. Rather become a man of value.
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds.
The measure of intelligence is the ability to change.
It is not that I'm so smart. But I stay with the questions much longer.
The world is a dangerous place to live, not because of the people who are evil, but because of the people who don't do anything about it.
The best way to cheer yourself is to cheer somebody else up.
Humans have come into being for the sake of each other, so either teach them, or learn to bear them.
Life is one fool thing after another whereas love is two fool things after each other.
We may run, walk, stumble. drive, or fly, but let us never lose sight of the reason for the journey, or miss a chance to see a rainbow on the way.
Every search begins with beginner's luck. And every search ends with the victor's being severely tested.
The meaning I picked, the one that changed my life: Overcome fear, behold wonder.
My sun sets to rise again.
Stop giving your life away to other people.
Inspiration comes of working every day.
Awake, arise or be for ever fall'n.
If you give up what you want most for what you think you should want more, you'll end up miserable.
In prayer it is better to have a heart without words than words without a heart.
I am who I am; no more, no less.
Dream your own dreams, achieve your own goals. Your journey is your own and unique.
It is not uncommon for people to spend their whole life waiting to start living.
Anything is possible. Anything can be.
You don't need anybody to tell you who you are or what you are. You are what you are.
The right thing at the wrong time is the wrong thing.
How much you can learn when you fail determines how far you will go into achieving your goals.
The universe doesn't give you what you ask for with your thoughts - it gives you what you demand with your actions.
Happiness cannot be pursued; it must ensue.
The tragedy of life is what dies inside a man while he lives.
For the things we have to learn before we can do them, we learn by doing them.
Live fast. Die young. Be wild. Have fun.
We could never learn to be brave and patient if there were only joy in the world.
Change course, but don't give up.
Re-examine all you have been told. Dismiss what insults your soul.
I try to avoid looking forward or backward, and try to keep looking upward.
Some people could look at a mud puddle and see an ocean with ships.
We dance round in a ring and suppose, But the Secret sits in the middle and knows.
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.
With great power comes great responsibility.
Happiness comes when your work and words are of benefit to others.
A lot of the conflict you have in your life exists simply because you're not living in alignment; you're not be being true to yourself.
Small is the number of them that see with their own eyes and feel with their own hearts.
The Man who says he can, and the man who says he can not.. Are both correct.
A good plan violently executed now is better than a perfect plan executed at some indefinite time in the future.
He who jumps into the void owes no explanation to those who stand and watch.
Fairness does not mean everyone gets the same. Fairness means everyone gets what they need.
Hard work beats talent when talent fails to work hard.
There is force in the universe, which, if we permit it, will flow through us and produce miraculous results.
A quitter never wins and a winner never quits.
If my life is going to mean anything, I have to live it myself.
Go on with what your heart tells you, or you will lose all.
All I have is all I need and all I need is all I have in this moment.
You can never cross the ocean until you have the courage to lose sight of the shore.
You can't change the wind but you can set your sails.
Don't be afraid of the shadows, that only means there's a light nearby.
The level of success you achieve will be in direct proportion to the depth of your commitment.
We spend money that we do not have, on things we do not need, to impress people who do not care.
Love cures people, both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
The sidelines may be safer but life is played on the field.
There is a time to live and a time to die but never to reject the moment.
I'd rather welcome change than cling to the past.
If you don't have the time to do something right, where are you going to find the time to fix it?
Society will always be too fragile to accept us for all that makes us beautiful.
A dream you dream alone is only a dream. A dream you dream together is reality.
I don't regret the painful times; I bare my scars as if they were medals.
A thing worth having is a thing worth cheating for.
Better to shun the bait than struggle in the snare.
You have every right to a beautiful life.
Happiness depends more on the inward disposition of mind than on outward circumstances.
In the end, everything is a gag.
When something is important enough, you do it even if the odds are not in your favour.
What you do is what matters, not what you think or say or plan.
Self-esteem comes from being able to define the world in your own terms and refusing to abide by the judgments of others.
You can, you should, and if you're brave enough to start, you will.
If you could kick the person in the pants responsible for most of your trouble, you wouldn't sit for a month.
Whether you think you can, or you think you can't-you're right.
Be happy with who you are and what you do, and you can do anything you want.
You just can't let life happen to you, you have to make life happen.
It's only after you've stepped outside your comfort zone that you begin to change, grow, and transform.
Pursue what catches your heart, not what catches your eyes.
Do not fear failure but rather fear not trying.
Never lose hope. Storms make people stronger and never last forever.
You never change your life until you step out of your comfort zone; change begins at the end of your comfort zone.
Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them.
Believe in your infinite potential. Your only limitations are those you set upon yourself.
The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones.
The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.
Without ambition one starts nothing. Without work one finishes nothing. The prize will not be sent to you. You have to win it.
Once you realize you deserve a bright future, letting go of your dark past is the best choice you will ever make.
If you believe very strongly in something, stand up and fight for it.
Change the way you look at things and the things you look at change.
Always remember people who have helped you along the way, and don't forget to lift someone up.
Maturity is when you stop complaining and making excuses, and start making changes.
When the going gets tough, put one foot in front of the other and just keep going. Don't give up.
At the end of the day, let there be no excuses, no explanations, no regrets.
You must learn to let go. Release the stress. You were never in control anyway.
Although the world is full of suffering, it is full also of the overcoming of it.
Circumstances are the rulers of the weak; they are but the instruments of the wise.
Whatever the mind can conceive and believe, it can achieve.
Courage is feeling fear, not getting rid of fear, and taking action in the face of fear.
You cannot change anyone, but you can be the reason someone changes.
Action may not always bring happiness, but there is no happiness without action.
You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with.
You have to accept whatever comes, and the only important thing is that you meet it with the best you have to give.
In the end, you have to choose whether or not to trust someone.
Don't wish it were easier. Wish you were better.
Great leaders create more leaders, not followers.
If you don't give up on something you truly believe in, you will find a way.
Turn your obstacles into opportunities and your problems into possibilities.
It takes sunshine and rain to make a rainbow. There would be no rainbows without sunshine and rain.
Failure is a bend in the road, not the end of the road. Learn from failure and keep moving forward.
It takes guts and humility to admit mistakes. Admitting we're wrong is courage, not weakness.
Don't wait for the right moment to start, start and make each moment right.
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
The right thing to do and the hard thing to do are usually the same.
The discontent and frustration that you feel is entirely your own creation.
Keep in mind that the true measure of an individual is how he treats a person who can do him absolutely no good.
Live boldly. Push yourself. Don't settle.
No matter how much experience you have, there's always something new you can learn and room for improvement.
Be where you are, stop over-thinking, and focus on what you are doing.
The greatest step towards a life of simplicity is to learn to let go.
One must always be prepared for riotous and endless waves of transformation.
You are never alone. You are eternally connected with everyone.
You make the world a better place by making daily improvements to become the best version of yourself.
What helps you persevere is your resilience and commitment.
Make today worth remembering.
A gentleman is someone who does not what he wants to do, but what he should do.
Keep your promises and be consistent. Be the kind of person others can trust.
If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing.
Everything is hard before it is easy.
If you fuel your journey on the opinions of others, you are going to run out of gas.
Life is short. Focus on what really matters most; you should change your priorities over time.
Faith moves mountains, love transforms hearts.
Let the improvement of yourself keep you so busy that you have no time to criticize others.
It's hard to lead a cavalry charge if you think you look funny on a horse.
Rejection is an opportunity for your selection.
Nothing can disturb your peace of mind unless you allow it to.
Don't kill parts of you just to live like one.
Do anything, but let it produce joy.
One day your life will flash before your eyes. Make sure it's worth watching.
Enjoy life. There's plenty of time to be dead.
Find ecstasy in life; the mere sense of living is joy enough.
I get it now; I didn't get it then. That life is about losing and about doing it as gracefully as possible and enjoying everything in between.
You have one life. Live it! Enjoy it!
Forever is composed of nows.
You live but once; you might as well be amusing.
If you don't take risks, you'll have a wasted soul.
Don't count the days, make the days count.
We are the change we have been waiting for.
Nothing is worth more than this day.
If a man is to live, he must be all alive, body, soul, mind, heart, spirit.
I finally figured out the only reason to be alive is to enjoy it.
How wonderful it is that nobody need wait a single moment before starting to improve the world.
Don't be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart.
Instead of worrying about what you cannot control, shift your energy to what you can create.
Do what is right, not what is easy nor what is popular.
You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams.
In three words I can sum up everything I've learned about life: it goes on.
Only you can control your future.
We accept the love we think we deserve.
It is better to be hated for what you are than to be loved for what you are not.
It is our choices that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.
Life is what happens to us while we are making other plans.
I like nonsense, it wakes up the brain cells. Fantasy is a necessary ingredient in living.
That which does not kill us makes us stronger.
It is never too late to be what you might have been.
For every minute you are angry you lose sixty seconds of happiness.
If you judge people, you have no time to love them.
My thoughts are stars I cannot fathom into constellations.
Love is that condition in which the happiness of another person is essential to your own.
If you only read the books that everyone else is reading, you can only think what everyone else is thinking.
We don't see things as they are, we see them as we are.
Sometimes the questions are complicated and the answers are simple.
You may not be her first, her last, or her only. She loved before she may love again. But if she loves you now, what else matters?
One good thing about music, when it hits you, you feel no pain.
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.
It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow to be.
You don't love someone because they're perfect, you love them in spite of the fact that they're not.
The difference between genius and stupidity is: genius has its limits.
Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.
Not all those who wander are lost.
The only way out of the labyrinth of suffering is to forgive.
If there's a book that you want to read, but it hasn't been written yet, then you must write it.
The marks humans leave are too often scars.
To die will be an awfully big adventure.
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are.
The fear of death follows from the fear of life. A man who lives fully is prepared to die at any time.
A lie can travel half way around the world while the truth is putting on its shoes.
Memories warm you up from the inside. But they also tear you apart.
Tis better to have loved and lost than never to have loved at all.
Be not afraid of greatness. Some are born great, some achieve greatness, and others have greatness thrust upon them.
Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
I would rather walk with a friend in the dark, than alone in the light.
The world is not a wish-granting factory.
One is loved because one is loved. No reason is needed for loving.
If you don't know where you're going, any road'll take you there
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
You talk when you cease to be at peace with your thoughts.
Grief does not change you. It reveals you.
Friendship is unnecessary, like philosophy, like art. It has no survival value; rather it is one of those things which give value to survival.
I would always rather be happy than dignified.
Facts do not cease to exist because they are ignored.
Be kind, for everyone you meet is fighting a harder battle.
It's only after we've lost everything that we're free to do anything.
Who controls the past controls the future. Who controls the present controls the past.
All the world is made of faith, and trust, and pixie dust.
It is sometimes an appropriate response to reality to go insane.
We should all start to live before we get too old. Fear is stupid. So are regrets.
You can't stay in your corner of the Forest waiting for others to come to you. You have to go to them sometimes.
Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, Nothing is going to get better. It's not.
We have to dare to be ourselves, however frightening or strange that self may prove to be.
The fault is not in our stars, but in ourselves.
Some people care too much. I think it's called love.
Isn't it nice to think that tomorrow is a new day with no mistakes in it yet?
It is the unknown we fear when we look upon death and darkness, nothing more.
Those who dream by day are cognizant of many things which escape those who dream only by night.
Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first.
The secret of life, though, is to fall seven times and to get up eight times.
Life is a book and there are a thousand pages I have not yet read.
What's meant to be will always find a way.
Create your own miracles; do what you think you cannot do.
One word of encouragement can be enough to spark someone's motivation to continue with a difficult challenge.
Though nobody can go back and make a new beginning... Anyone can start over and make a new ending.
It is usually best to admit mistakes when they occur and seek to restore honor.
It is important to draw wisdom from many different places.
It's time to look inward and start asking yourself the big question... Who are you and what do you want?
Hope is something you give yourself. That is the meaning of inner strength.
Destiny is a funny thing. You never know how things are going to work out.
While it is always best to believe in oneself, a little help from others can be a great blessing.
Pride is not the opposite of shame, but its source. True humility is the only antidote to shame.
Life happens wherever you are, whether you make it or not.
Failure is only the opportunity to begin again. Only this time, more wisely.
Everything in life can teach you a lesson, you just have to be willing to learn.
A dream doesn't become a reality through magic; it takes sweat, determination, and hard work.
The best way to predict the future is to create it.
Our greatest glory does not consist of never falling, but in rising every time we fall.
Don't cry because it is over, smile because it happened.
Keep pushing yourself forward. Do whatever it takes. You'll soon leap over the final hurdle and land right where you want to be.
Don't compare your progress with that of others. We all need our own time to travel our own distance.
Do good things, and good things will happen for you.
Life is harder when you complicate the simple things. Enjoy what you have and live your life.
Your words mean nothing when your actions are the complete opposite.
Don't spend today worrying why yesterday was bad. Spend it planning on how to make tomorrow better.
One of the good things about goodbye, is that it means you're a little closer to a new hello.
Smile. Let everyone know that today you're a lot stronger than you were yesterday.
Don't count your days, make your days count.
Life is about moving on, accepting changes and looking forward to what makes you stronger and more complete.
What goes around comes back around.
Two things define you: Your patience when you have nothing, and your attitude when you have everything.
You need to spend time crawling alone through shadows to truly appreciate what it is to stand in the sun.
Make memories you'll look back and smile at.
Just because something hasn't worked out for you now, doesn't mean there isn't something big in store for you in the future.
A true friend sees the first tear, catches the second, and stops the third.
One small positive thought can change your whole day.
A positive attitude gives you power over the worst of circumstances.
If you don't challenge yourself, you will never realize what you can become.
Humble on the outside, confident on the inside.
Beauty doesn't last forever, but a beautiful personality does.
Wherever you go, go with all your heart.
Don't be the person who needs someone, be the someone a person needs.
Strength is when you have so much to cry for but you prefer to smile instead.
When you're right, no one remembers. When you're wrong, no one forgets.
The key to change is to let go of fear.
Don't give up just because things are hard.
The only person you should try to be better than, is the person you were yesterday.
Life will always try to make things difficult for you, but every time you overcome obstacles, you come out stronger.
Hard work does not guarantee success but improves its chances.
Never let your failures get to your heart and never let your success get to your head.
Words mean nothing if actions show the complete opposite.
Some people come into your life as a blessing. Some come as a lesson.
Everything happens for a reason.
Just be the best you can be. Never settle. Always strive to learn more, do more, and be more.
Tough people make it through tough situations. Giving up is never an option.
Pain changes people, but it also makes them stronger.
Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.
Sometimes, the hardest things to say are those that come straight from the heart.
Be strong now because things will get better. It might be stormy now, but it can't rain forever.
Forget all the reasons why it won't work and believe the one reason why it will.
Sometimes silence is the best answer.
Enjoy life today because yesterday is gone and tomorrow is never promised.
Tough times don't last, but tough people do.
Impossible is not a fact, it's an opinion.
Doing what you like is freedom. Liking what you do is happiness.
A little progress each day adds up to big results.
It takes sadness to know what happiness is, noise to appreciate silence, and absence to value presence.
Don't wait until it's too late. You might not get another chance.
Bad times make you appreciate the good times.
Difficult roads often lead to beautiful destinations.
Speak when you are angry and you will make the best speech you'll ever regret.
Every single day you should wake up and commit yourself to becoming a better person.
Always put your fears behind you and your dreams in front of you.
Your happiness depends on you, and you alone.
No matter how much it hurts, you have to keep going because you can't move forward if you stop.
Accept what is, let go of what was, have faith in what will be.
If you don't step forward you will always remain in the same place.
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.
It's easy to do nothing, it's hard to forgive.
Life is like a tunnel. You can't always see the light at the end of the tunnel, but if you keep moving, you will come to a better place.
There is nothing wrong with letting the people who love you help you.
Over thinking kills your happiness.